Blog post for deliverable on notifications (#269)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2020-09-30-lots-of-notifications.md

---
layout: post

> title: Lots of notifications?

Author: Fixing

---
layout: post
title: Lots of Notifications?
category: development
---

Maybe you are part of some group, like `opensuse-review-team`, that receive lots of notifications. How do you deal with all those notifications on [your notifications page](https://build.opensuse.org/my/notifications)? Clicking one by one, on their &#10003; button?

Nope!

# Dealing With a Lot of Notifications

Marking a lot of notifications as "read" one by one is a waste of time. And nobody likes wasting time!

> The notifications page now has some controls at the top of the list to perform actions, like marking as read, on several notifications at once.

Reviewer: Currently we only have one action :) maybe you can rephrase this a bit

Author: Yeah, I will

<img src="/images/posts/2020-09-30/Controls_at_the_top_of_the_notifications_list.png" alt="You don't have to click through your 4000 notifications." width="600px">

`Show all` will make all your notifications visible, and `Select all` will mark all visible notifications as selected. With those two actions, you'll be able to deal with tons of notifications in no time.

# Better Notifications

The notifications list suffered from a bit of *information overload*: there was a lot to tell and it was scattered left and right. Now, the information is grouped together accordingly to the *what* and the *where*, so you just need a quick glance to know what's happening.

<img src="/images/posts/2020-09-30/Redesign_of_notifications.png" alt="The 'where' is at the top, the 'what' is at the bottom" width="600px">

# Wasting less time

Talking again about wasting nobody's time, when clicking on a notification's subject, you could visit it but then you had to go back and mark it as "read". When you have lots of notifications this gets tiresome really fast.

> On the Request page, you now have a toolbar to mark the notification as "read" without having to go back to the notifications list, thus processing them faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the page the notification relates to, you now have a toolbar to mark the notification as "read" without having to go back to the notifications list, thus processing them faster.
```

Reviewer: Maybe more general, the toolbar is also available for comments

Author: True fact

> On that page, you now have a toolbar to mark the notification as "read" without having to go back to the notifications list page thus processing them faster.

Reviewer: On which page you have the toolbar? Maybe you can describe this a little more clear. So people know they find this on the view of the associated request etc.

Author: Fixed

> ---

Reviewer 2: The date of the post should be updated to today.

Author: Fixed

The notifications page now has a button at the top of the list to mark as "read" several notifications at once.

<img src="/images/posts/2020-09-30/Controls_at_the_top_of_the_notifications_list.png" alt="You don't have to click through your 4000 notifications." width="600px">

`Show all` will make all your notifications visible, and `Select all` will mark all visible notifications as selected.
With those two actions, you'll be able to deal with tons of notifications in no time.

# Better Notifications

The notifications list suffered from a bit of *information overload*: there was a lot to tell and it was scattered left
and right. Now, the information is grouped together accordingly to the *what* and the *where*, so you just need a quick
glance to know what's happening.

<img src="/images/posts/2020-09-30/Redesign_of_notifications.png" alt="The 'where' is at the top, the 'what' is at the bottom" width="600px">

# Getting Things Done

By clicking on a notification's subject, you can visit the request, project or package that caused that notification.
After answering the comments or handling the request, you could go back to the notifications list to mark them as "read".

> There's no need to do so since there is now a toolbar at the top of the page to mark the notification as "read".

Reviewer 2: I would put this sentence in the same paragraph as the line 34.

Author: Done

on their &#10003; button?

Nope!

# Dealing With a Lot of Notifications

Marking a lot of notifications as "read" one by one is a waste of time. And nobody likes wasting time!

The notifications page now has a button at the top of the list to mark as "read" several notifications at once.

<img src="/images/posts/2020-09-30/Controls_at_the_top_of_the_notifications_list.png" alt="You don't have to click through your 4000 notifications." width="600px">

`Show all` will make all your notifications visible, and `Select all` will mark all visible notifications as selected.
With those two actions, you'll be able to deal with tons of notifications in no time.

# Better Notifications

The notifications list suffered from a bit of *information overload*: there was a lot to tell and it was scattered left
and right. Now, the information is grouped together accordingly to the *what* and the *where*, so you just need a quick
glance to know what's happening.

<img src="/images/posts/2020-09-30/Redesign_of_notifications.png" alt="The 'where' is at the top, the 'what' is at the bottom" width="600px">

> # Getting things done

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Getting Things Done
```

> When clicking on a notification's subject, you could visit it but then you had to go back and mark it as "read".

Reviewer 3: I would rephrase this a bit, I don't think it is clear enough. Maybe a summarized version of this:

_By clicking on a notification's subject, you can visit the Request, Project or Package that caused the notification. After answering the comments or handling the Request, you could go back to the notifications list to mark them as "read"._

_From now on, on the same page, you have a toolbar to mark the notification as "read", without having to go 
back to the notifications list, thus processing them faster._

Author: I like it, stealing

Author: Review it again, please

> By clicking on a notification's subject, you can visit the Request, Project or Package that caused that notification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By clicking on a notification's subject, you can visit the request, project or package that caused that notification.
```

> After answering the comments or handling the Request, you could go back to the notifications list to mark them as "read".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After answering the comments or handling the request, you could go back to the notifications list to mark them as "read".
```

> From now on, on the same page, you have a toolbar to mark the notification as "read", without having to go

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There's no need to do so since there is now a toolbar at the top of the page to mark the notification as "read".
```

> From now on, on the same page, you have a toolbar to mark the notification as "read", without having to go

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There's no need to do so since there is now a toolbar at the top of the page to mark the notification as "read".
```

With this change, the line 38 should be removed.

Author: Okay
